Update platforms support to EOL macos 10.13 & add a macOS policy (#2756)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/platforms.md

</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Apple macOS</td>

> <td>Apple has no official EOL dates published, but generally supports N-2 macOS releases</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Apple generally supports the last three macOS releases, for example: 10.14, 10.15, and 11.0. Apple does not officially publish EOL dates.</td>
```

I think we should avoid making customers do macOS version release algebra.
